# Southampton Hospital Falls Prevention EBP Dashboard
AHI Masters Program Fall Semester Project

## Description:

In this repository we aim to assist Stony Brook Southampton Hospital's Falls Prevention Team in digitizing their workflow. Deliverables are divided into four main components: Access database/form, Streamlit dashboard, workflow diagram and literature review.

Repository components:
- Data folder
- Dictionary folder (contains dictionary.txt)
- Documents folder (contains diagrams, EBP, headers, scope)
- Literature folder
- Scripts folder (create_tables.py, dummydata.py, dashboard.py)

In accordance with HIPAA restrictions, we use dummy data generated by the Faker module instead of actual patient data. We use headers provided by the Falls Prevention team to model our master patient list, which is then filtered for age and er disposition. The new patient list is then uploaded onto our streamlit dashboard, where simple statistics are run, such as ages of patients and incidents by month. Patient geo data and ebp geo data is available as well as a filtering system for ebps by proximity and ebp type for easy patient-ebp pairing. Dashboard has tableau compabitibility.

On the access side, record-keeping is organized with patient's contact information and 3-, 6-, 9-, and 12-month check-in benchmarks. Forms are available for easy patient parsing.


## Resources:

[Streamlit API Reference](https://docs.streamlit.io/library/api-reference)

[Creately Workflow Diagram Creator](https://creately.com/)

## Requirements:

- Visual Studio Code/Equivalent
- Internet Browser
- Microsoft Access
- Creately/Equivalent
- Microsoft Word/Equivalent

## Notes:

Dashboard line chart is not connected to a csv. Information is pulled from patient list, but formatting is manual for desired aesthetic effect.

Manual csv/excel editing is required for certain headers, such as age (TODAY()-cell), as well as geo data (lat and long) - Faker is used to create coordinates around a radius and then manually separated into lat and long.